<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Release Notes</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Release Notes</h1>

    <h2>0.7 (2016-MM-DD)</h2>
    <ul>
    <li>Fix <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-wmts10/issues/13">issue #13</a>: 
    Additional image formats fail WMTS test (Server.KVP.GET.GetTile.Valid.Tile.Size)</li>
    <li>Fix <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-wmts10/issues/24">issue #24</a>: 
    <code>Server.RESTful.HTTP.Mandatory</code> test does not work with self-declaring service</li>
    <li>Fix <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-wmts10/issues/13">issue #13</a>: 
    Unsupported image formats cause test failures (wmts:Server.KVP.GET.GetTile.Valid.Tile.Size)</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>0.6 (2015-07-30)</h2>
    <ul>
    <li>Fix (PR) <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-wmts10/issues/23">[ 
      23]</a>: rename duplicate function </li>
      <li>Update pom.xml to build with Maven 2</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>0.5 (2015-03-25) </h2>
    <ul>
      <li>Starting this revision, the revision number will follow the conventions described in the <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/cite/wiki/OGC-Compliance-Testing-Tools">wiki</a></li>
      <li><a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-wmts10/issues/16">[ 
      16]</a>: Incorrect exceptionCode.</li>
      <li><a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-wmts10/issues/15">[ 
      15]</a>: Test wmts:Server.KVP.GET.GetFeatureInfo.Mandatory uses incorrect format in request.</li>
      <li><a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-wmts10/issues/14">[ 
      14]</a>: image/png8 tests failed in WMTS.</li>
       <li><a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-wmts10/issues/10">[ 
      10]</a>: text\html and text\plain not working in KVP valid infoformat test</li>
       <li><a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-wmts10/issues/8">[ 
      8]</a>: Misspelled exception code in Invalid InfoFormat test</li>

    </ul>

    <h2>r4 (2014-11-03)</h2>
    <p>This is a major update that includes the following changes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Fix <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-wmts10/issues/6">issue 
      #6</a>: Validating exception reports is very slow</li>
      <li>Fix <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-wmts10/issues/5">issue 
      #5</a>: GetFeatureInfo response entity is expected to be an XML resource</li>
      <li>Integrated <a target="_blank" href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-wmts10/pull/1">PR 
      #1</a>: Modify test coverage such that that only capabilities from the ATS are tested. In 
      particular, the following tests were removed:
        <ul>
          <li>GetCapabilities.Response.No.Layers.OtherSource</li>
          <li>GetCapabilities.Response.Style.Identifiers.Unique</li>
          <li>GetCapabilities.Response.Dimension.Identifiers.Unique</li>
          <li>GetFeatureInfo.Invalid.SampleDimension.Name</li>
          <li>GetTile.Invalid.SampleDimension.Name</li>
          <li>GetFeatureInfo.Invalid.Tile.Row.No.TileMatrixSetLimits</li>
          <li>GetFeatureInfo.Invalid.Tile.Col.No.TileMatrixSetLimits</li>
          <li>GetFeatureInfo.Missing.Optional</li>
          <li>GetTile.Missing.Optional</li>
          <li>GetTile.Invalid.Tile.Row.No.TileMatrixSetLimits</li>
          <li>GetTile.Invalid.Tile.Col.No.TileMatrixSetLimits</li>
        </ul>
      And the following tests were simplified:
        <ul>
          <li>GetTile (SOAP, REST bindings)</li>
          <li>GetTile.Mandatory (KVP, XML bindings)</li>
          <li>GetTile.Optional (KVP, XML bindings)</li>
          <li>GetTile.Valid.Tile.Format (XML binding)</li>
          <li>GetTile.Invalid.Tile.Format (XML binding)</li>
          <li>GetTile.Valid.Tile.Size (XML binding)</li>
          <li>GetFeatureInfo (KVP, XML, SOAP, REST bindings)</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Adopt Apache Maven as the build tool and modify the directory layout accordingly.</li>
      <li>Add <code>capabilities.url</code> parameter to wmts:main test (display 
      main input form only if this is not set).</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>r3 (2013-10-28)</h2>
    <p>This update includes the following changes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>[CITE-858] Check Content-Type header in GetCapabilities response for XML media type.</li>
      <li>[CITE-846] Configuration elements in the &lt;bs&gt; (bootstrap) element written to the test 
      logs have a boolean (text) value.</li>
      <li>[CITE-830] In owsFunctions:KVP.GetCapabilities.Request.UpdateSequence: Modify the 
      Unicode code point value of the first character in the updateSequence string.</li>
      <li>Allow upload of capabilities document.</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>r2 (2013-06-12)</h2>
    <p>This maintenance release includes the following changes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>[CITE-781] If TileRow or TileCol is out of range the expected exception code 
      is "TileOutOfRange" (wmtsFunctions.xml).</li>
      <li>[CITE-777] Allow for ows:Constraint to appear as child of ows:Operation in 
      capabilities document (bootstrap.xml, owsFunctions.xml).</li>
      <li>Ignore GetEncoding operation constraint as there are no alternatives to 
      KVP (in bootstrap.xml).</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>r1 (2013-02-09)</h2>
    <p>This is the initial release for TEAM Engine v4; it incorporates the following changes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>Updated config.xml for TEAM-Engine v4.</li>
      <li>Set wmtsSchemaType = "resource" (classpath reference) instead of "file".</li>
      <li>Fixed XPath errors reported by Saxon: Cannot compare xs:boolean to xs:string.</li>
      <li>In wmtsFunctions:printSelected: starts-with() arguments must be string values.</li>
      <li>Added local copies of WMTS 1.0.1 schemas.</li>
      <li>Issue "skipped" verdict if profile not supported (otherwise displays empty test selection screen).</li>
    </ul>
  </body>
</html>